---
layout: post
title:  "Goals 2016"
date:   2016-01-02
categories: blog 
tags: Goals
---

I have been contributing to this blog for a little over a year now.  My first post was in September of 2014, and it laid out some goals for me. I'd like to look back at what I have gotten done so far and make some goals for 2016 to keep me motivated. 

## How did I do?
The goals [that I set][why am I blogging] originally were for the end of 2014, and on those, I'm at least a year late. But that's OK. I had a ton of stuff going on, so the fact that I made time to contribute at all was good.  

1. **My first goal was to finish the site** and I did.  It isn't everything I want yet, but it looks pretty good, it's responsive and I built it with Jekyll, a static site generator, something that I had never done before. 
2. **My second goal was to start creating posts that would be useful for my job**.  I did pretty well with this one too.  One of the blog posts I wrote, NEPA, helped me answer a question in an interview that led to a new job.  Check. 
3.  **My third goal was to add a comments section to the site** I did that as well. However, I didn't get the comments to work on the home page, something I'd like to get done this year. I'll address that later. 

Not bad for my first year.   


##Now What

I'm not the most goal oriented person.  That sounds kind of bad (is this guy lazy or what).  I just like to go with the flow more and capitalize on opportunities as they come rather than picking something and trying to accomplish it. I like to take the curve balls as they come. But being opportunistic only works up to a point.  A consequence of me being opportunistic is I have way too much going on.  You end up trying to do more than you're humanly capable of and not being particularly proficient at anything. I'd like to simplify my life by setting some goals. 

##Goal 1: Write a blog post a month. 
Pretty self explanatory.  I've been at almost one post every two over the last year or so. I'd like to double that.  This will be one. I have 11 to go. 

##Goal 2: Write more about the technical aspects of my job.
I've learned so much over the last year that I can't even come close to remembering it all. I want to use this site to synthesize what I have learned.  So far on this site, I've been writing about big topics like NEPA and the Endangered Species Act.  Don't get me wrong, I think that those are great topics and I've learned a lot writing about them,  but I'd like to take on specific subjects that I can use as references.  There's so much information out there on wildlife, but it's all over the place.  I feel like I search the same things over and over again, looking for information that I have already found.  I use [Evernote][evernote] to try and organize useful information that I find. Thats really useful. However, my notes are always a little sloppy and I never have a chance to look over my notes after I write them and tidy them up.  I would like to use this to take some of the larger topics, like sage grouse, or the migratory bird treaty act lawsuits and try and create a page that's useful for me and hopefully for anyone else who is a wildlife biologist for the feds. 

As you can see, I don't really have a clear idea of how to make this work. But I think its a good idea to try and pursue. I think that it can help me learn and create something useful for others. 

##Goal 3: I want to expand who reads this blog. 
I don't really know how to do this yet. One problem is that I'm little too apprehensive about sharing the site.  Part of the problem is that I don't have a lot of confidence as a writer. I don't think I'm a great writer, but the only way to get better is to write, write a lot, and then have people tell you what you think. 

## Goal 4: Wordpress
I'd like to have this site on wordpress instead of jekyll.  Jekyll is really nice for a lot of reasons, but its hard to access at work or on another computer. It's also harder for me to build repeatable sections that can be reused.  I've also had much more experience with wordpress, so it'll be easier to implement. 

##Goal 5:  I will not take on any other web clients.  
I have a habit of giving myself too much work to do.  This year, I tried to take on one web client and I did a terrible job on her site because I was too busy.  No more of that. I'd like to try and focus this year. 

Pretty simple.  Five goals for 2016. Let's see how I do.  

[why am I blogging]:  http://www.schmidtyworks.com/blog/2014/09/24/Why-am-i-blogging.html

[evernote]:           http://www.evernote.com