---
layout: post
title:  "Vows"
date:   2016-10-05
categories: notes 
tags: love
---

Sabina,

I've been thinking about these for a long time. I've been thinking: "how can I convey to you how much I love you in vows".  How can I tell you that I love exactly who you are and how much better you make me as a person.  That, not only do I love you, but need you as much as I need food (almost as much, anyway). I've decided that I can't. Because our love to me isn't about the so few words that I'm telling you now.  This relationship is about every single moment we have spent together since we met.  The good, the bad, the fun, the sad, the easy, and the hard.  I do not want to spend the rest of my life with you because of the few words uttered here today.  I want to spend the rest of our lives together because of the so many moments we have shared.  The nights on the coach, the cold nights in the desert, the days on the plane or in the car, or on the so many evening walks with George, Alice and Martin. All of the small moments we have shared make me so calm and happy today. 

And before I say my vows, I believe you deserve some thanks.  Throughout our relationship you've given me so many reasons to say thanks. If you hadn't done so much over these last 9 or 10 or how many ever years we've been together, we wouldn't be standing here today.  Although you may not know it, you have done so much to hold this relationship together. And I don't thank you enough for how much you do.  Thank you for being the kick ass women that you are.  You are a bull dog in many ways, so determined, persistent and confident.  You are truly everything in a person that I think a person can be. Thank you for loving me.  Even on my worst days.  You always forgive me and want to snuggle me right after I'm mad, frustrated or venting.  You never hold a grudge. That means a lot to me. Thank you for loving and sharing the good times.  You are always up for a party when there is partying to be had. We have been so lucky in our lives.  Thank you for doing so much with the luck that we have had. You are truly a bad ass.  

Finally now my vows to you.  And even though I can't make these mean as much as our relationship, I say them whole heartedly. I vow to never stop loving your excitement and your spontaneousness, even when I'm not feeling particularly excited or spontaneous. I vow to need you to be the voice of reason when I am stressed, even if your calming voice makes me more stressed. I vow to trust you. You have earned my trust. I vow to not be perfect  because shit, who's perfect. I vow to never expect perfection out of you.  I vow to never stop adventuring with you and I promise we will always share a hobby. I vow to work hard in whatever role I play in our relationship (So everyone knows I'm gunning for stay at home dog dad). I vow to love your family as my own because the love that made you deserves to be loved like family. I vow to work as hard as I can, realizing my weaknesses as a husband, to be there for you whenever you need me.  I vow to always be committed to you, there will never be a time when I give up on us. I vow to know that I am the luckiest man in the world because I get to marry you. I love you.  
